a new destination for thrill seekers
swimming with the sharks Americans are
jumping in with no cages and no
protection an adventure that's
considered so dangerous it's been banned
in several coastal states but it is
legal in places like Mexico and the
Bahamas where NBC's Jeff Rossen joined
one of the terrifying tours it's as
extreme as it gets jumping into
shark-infested waters with nothing but a
wetsuit and a prayer when that shark
comes straight at you and you see those
teeth and the mouth is open it's really
sad heading the Sharks like their
poodles insane absolutely insane you got
that right meet the thrill-seekers
risking their lives for the rush slow
that feeling I could be killing me now
but I'm not I've never done anything
like this before ever my dad would kill
me everybody ready and this is the man
who brought them here Eli Martinez the
tour operator who charges thousands for
a week-long brush with death that's Eli
feeding a shark by hand not just any
shark a tiger shark they can be nearly
20 feet long with teeth serrated like a
steak knife and responsible for almost
as many human attacks as great whites
you consider yourself crazy not at all
the reality is I think they're
completely harmless to prove it Eli
invited us on one of his underwater
adventures what really goes on down
there it's really encouraging to see
sharks literally swimming five feet
where I'm going to jump in it's
fantastic oh did I mention they attract
the Sharks with raw bloody fish so
you're ready for this I'm as ready as
I'm ever going to be I took every safety
precaution possible
I became a certified scuba diver Eli was
by my side the entire time and we kept
away from the bait box where the Sharks
were feeding but in the ocean the Sharks
go wherever they want even head-butting
our cameras we're trying to keep a safe
distance but you can see the Sharks are
everywhere you can't avoid them you
cannot avoid them and the shorts didn't
seem to care swimming right by even
making direct eye contact when they bite
a human it's because they mistake it for
their prey item they mistake it for
turtle or seal or whatever it is that
they're looking for but tragic accidents
do happen just last year Marcus grow an
attorney from Austria died while on
another shark tour these photos were
taken at the moment it happened a bull
shark bit his leg and grow bled to death
but even with that risk fresh in their
minds on American tourists continue to
do it you have a one-year-old son at
home yes is this responsible to put mom
and dad into this kind of Jeopardy yeah
I do I feel like there's it's a
calculated risk more like a challenge
just to stay alive
a new vacation craze that's not for
everybody swimming with man-eating
sharks NBC's Jeff Rossen checked it out
and survived to tell the tale good
morning Jeff all fingers and toes still
a mucky here 1010 we're good you said
you couldn't pay you a million dollars
not in a million years like I go or
million dollars I get that I can sit
here and be macho and say that it didn't
bother me but it did I was scared on
these diving tours you literally go eye
to eye with some of the world's most
dangerous sharks there's no cage no
harpoon no protection at all and it's
not just guys doing this either on our
tourism as you're about to see there
were just as many women risking life and
limb when you play with hungry sharks
you can pay the price these divers
barely escaped when a great white came
right at the teeth out the cage helped
us save their lives
so what are these people doing jumping
into shark-infested waters with nothing
but a wet suit and a prayer
when that shark comes straight at you
and you see those teeth and the mouth is
open it's really scary heading the
Sharks like their poodles insane
absolutely insane you got that right
meet the thrill-seekers risking their
lives for the rush a publicist from DC a
lawyer from Houston husband and wife
restaurant owners from Connecticut a
photographer a marine biologist and a TV
agent it's the same reason people jump
out of planes there is that adrenaline
rush that comes along and that's what
makes it exciting I just love that
feeling I could be killing me now but
I'm not I've never done anything like
this before ever my dad would kill me
everybody ready and this is the man who
brought them here Eli Martinez the tour
operator who charges thousands for a
week-long brush with death that's Eli
feeding a shark by hand not just any
shark a tiger shark they can be nearly
20 feet long with teeth serrated like a
steak